# Developer Challenge

Build a DApp on Kaleido.

Fork this repo, choose a use case you think would be interesting to build as a decentralized application (DApp), then get creative and have fun.

## What is this DApp?

This project is a light clone of "Kickstarter", where a user can fund campaigns using a token generated through Kaleido. When the user contributes to a campaign, tokens are transfered from the user's wallet to the campaign's wallet using Kaleido's REST APIs.

The main idea was to be able to create a campaign and designate where each percentage of the funds would go to by selecting from different users on the platform. A campaign creator could lay out that, for example, 25% of the funds would go to a designer, while 25% would go to testing, and the rest of the 50% would go to production. Once the campaign was funded and the time had passed, the smart contract would execute and put the designated amount into each of the wallets described in the campaign.

Currently the application loads up with a hardcoded user, where you can fund different campaigns using a "FundCoin" token generated by Kaleido.

## Installing and running

You may need to install `mongo` if you haven't:

```
brew tap mongodb/brew
brew install mongodb-community@4.2
```

### Backend

```bash
cd backend
npm i

# Run and seed the mongoDB
brew services start mongodb-community@4.2
./node_modules/mongo-seeding-cli/bin/seed.js -u "mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/frontend-challenge" --drop-database ./data

# Start the Apollo server
npm start
```

### Frontend

```bash
cd frontend
npm i
npm start
```

### Tests

```bash
npm test
```

## Implementation Details

### Frontend

The frontend uses several technologies for running the application, mainly:

- `React` for web components.
- `apollo-client` for fetching and caching data from the server.
- `unstated-next` for shared, global application state.
- `tailwindcss` and `tailwindcss-classnames` for styling.

### Backend

The backend database is a mongodb collection filled with randomized user and campaign data.

Currently a hardcoded amount of users and campaigns are generated with static wallet address assigned to each.

The data is served to the frontend client through an Apollo express server. Fake loading times are generated to simulate what a real user may experience.

The backend is by no means secure, and is missing validation. It is currently just used to generate and serve a fake database of users to the frontend client. It could use a lot of love.

## TODO

There's a lot to be desired in the application:

- More Tests! Integration and End-to-End
- Campaign creation
- Creation dates and countdowns for campaigns.
- Sign up and user sessions.
